OAuth Credential -> ready for SME review (#106)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processautomation-prepare.adoc

== Before You Begin

> * Ask an administrator to xref:usermanagement-manage.adoc#assign-privileges-to-a-user[assign you the needed privileges:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ask an administrator to xref:usermanagement-manage.adoc#assign-privileges-to-a-user[assign you the needed privileges]:
```

> +

Reviewer: For the table, I would unbold the required privileges. There is too much bold, which is distracting. Also, you aren't stepping the user through the GUI here so these don't have to be bold.

== Before You Begin

* Ask an administrator to xref:usermanagement-manage.adoc#assign-privileges-to-a-user[assign you the needed privileges]:
+
[cols="1,2"]
|===
|*Action* |*Required Privileges*

|Open the *Process Automation* module
|Process Automation Open

|Create and change global variables and credentials that can be used in the test phase
|Global Variables Create for Test phase, Global Variables Edit for Test phase

|Create and change global variables and credentials that can be used in the production phase
|Global Variables Create for Production phase, Global Variables Edit for Production phase

|Delete global variables and credentials
|Global Variables Delete

|Create, change, and delete process applications
|Application Create, Application Edit, Application Delete

|===
* If you have access to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account and want to create AWS credentials for xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-aws-document-processing.adoc[RPA Builder - Document Processing with AWS], follow the instructions in https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html[AWS configuration basics^].

> * If you have access to a Microsoft Azure account and want to create OAuth credentials for xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-mail-operations-mail-session-outlook-with-oauth.adoc[RPA Builder - Mail Session (Outlook with OAuth)], create an application for Outlook, https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/exchange-web-services/how-to-authenticate-an-ews-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an EWS application by using OAuth^], and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an IMAP, POP or SMTP connection using OAuth^].

Reviewer 2: A comma seems to be missing in the "authenticate an IMAP, POP, or SMTP connection using OAuth" phrase.

* If you want to use RPA Builder to xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-credentials-for-oauth.adoc#generating-an-oauth-refresh-token[generate a refresh token for your OAuth credentials], ask an administrator to xref:usermanagement-manage.adoc#assign-users-rpa-builder-access[assign you RPA Builder access].

== Prepare Projects

> Project managers organize projects into categories. You create a set of categories for them to choose from.

Reviewer 2: What about rewording "You create a set of categories for them to choose from" to "Create a set of categories so project managers can choose them."

Author: Kept the sentence to emphasize the responsibilities of different roles

> You list available applications and assign them to bots that can access them. Citizen technologists assign required applications to processes. A member of the process team can deploy a process on a bot that has assigned the required processes.

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can do without the "you" and start the sentence by saying "List available applications...".

Author: same as above

> You create global variables and credentials for values that are the same in multiple processes and that frequently change. This way, you can reduce the time involved and the error rate in the maintenance of the processes. A member of the process team can link global variables and credentials anywhere that a globe symbol is displayed.

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can do without the "you" and start the sentence by saying "Create global variables and credentials...".

Author: same as above

==== Create a Category

Create categories for the organization of processes:

. Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click *Create*.
. Enter a name in the *Create a category* window.
. Click *OK*.

==== Edit a Category

Edit a category to render its name more precisely:

. Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Edit* icon image:edit-icon.png[pen-to-square symbol,1.5%,1.5%] on the panel of the category you want to edit.
. Change the name in the *Edit the category* window.
. Click *OK*.

==== Remove a Category

Remove categories that are no longer needed. You can only remove categories that do not contain processes:

. Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the the *Remove* icon image:delete-icon.png[trash symbol,1.5%,1.5%] on the panel of the category you want to delete.

=== Manage Applications

> In the *Process Applications* view, you list all applications required for the execution of processes.

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can do without the "you" and start the sentence by saying "List all applications required for...".

Author: same as above

|*Application Create*, *Application Edit*, *Application Delete*

|===
* If you have access to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account and want to create AWS credentials for xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-aws-document-processing.adoc[RPA Builder - Document Processing with AWS], follow the instructions in https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html[AWS configuration basics^].

> * If you have access to a Microsoft Azure account and want to create OAuth credentials for xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-mail-operations-mail-session-outlook-with-oauth.adoc[RPA Builder - Mail Session (Outlook with OAuth)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have access to a Microsoft Azure account and want to create OAuth credentials for xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-mail-operations-mail-session-outlook-with-oauth.adoc[RPA Builder - Mail Session (Outlook with OAuth)].
```

> * If you have access to a Microsoft Azure account and want to create OAuth credentials for xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-mail-operations-mail-session-outlook-with-oauth.adoc[RPA Builder - Mail Session (Outlook with OAuth)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have access to a Microsoft Azure account and want to create OAuth credentials for xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-mail-operations-mail-session-outlook-with-oauth.adoc[RPA Builder - Mail Session (Outlook with OAuth)].
```

> , create an application for Outlook, https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/exchange-web-services/how-to-authenticate-an-ews-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an EWS application by using OAuth^] and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an IMAP, POP or SMTP connection using OAuth^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, create an application for Outlook, https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/exchange-web-services/how-to-authenticate-an-ews-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an EWS application by using OAuth^], and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an IMAP, POP or SMTP connection using OAuth^]
```

+

> If you want to use RPA Builder to xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-credentials-for-oauth.adoc#generating-an-oauth-refresh-token[generate a refresh token for your OAuth credentials], ask an administrator to xref:usermanagement-manage.adoc#assign-users-rpa-builder-access[assign you RPA Builder access].

Reviewer: This should also be a bulleted item.

== Prepare Projects

Project managers organize projects into categories. A category describes the environment of a process in a few keywords.

> Administrators list available applications and assign them to bots which can access them. Citizen technologists assign used applications to processes. You can deploy a process on a bot which has assigned the required processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators list available applications and assign them to bots that can access them. Citizen technologists assign used applications to processes. You can deploy a process on a bot which has assigned the required processes.
```

Reviewer: Can you say "existing applications" instead of "used applications"? o me, I think of things like "used cars" when I see the term "used."

Author: required applications (The process involves using these applications.)

> You use global variables and credentials for values that are the same in multiple processes and which frequently change. This way you can reduce the time involved and the error rate in the maintenance of your processes. You can link global variables and credentials anywhere that a globe symbol is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use global variables and credentials for values that are the same in multiple processes and that frequently change. This way, you can reduce the time involved and the error rate in the maintenance of your processes. You can link global variables and credentials anywhere that a globe symbol is displayed.
```

=== Manage Categories

> Project managers organize projects into categories. A category describes the environment of a process in a few keywords, for example `Customer Support Mystical University` or `Finance`.

Reviewer: This is repetitive with the previous section. You can leave it, but if you can think of a way to cut down on this repetition, that would be better.

Author: Shortened the overall introductory section (Prepare Projects) by one sentence....

> A project can only belong to a single category. First, create a standard category, so you can start with process automation quickly. You can change the category of a process later. After you have automated the first projects, create an archive category and move completed projects there.

Reviewer: first projects > first few projects ???

==== Create a Category

> Create categories to group processes.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Create categories to group processes and then assign a proces to a category during evaluation or project creation.

Author: Replaced with 'Create categories for the organization of processes.' because the person creating the categories is not the same person assigning them.

Assign a process to a category during evaluation or project creation.

> . Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module.

Reviewer: I would add a lead-in to the steps since they apply only to creating categories

To create a category:

Author: Solved by ading a colon to the replaced sentence....

. Click *Create*.
. Enter a name in the *Create a category* window.
. Click *OK*.

==== Edit a Category

> Edit a category to render its name more precisely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit a category to render its name more precisely:
```

. Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Edit* icon image:edit-icon.png[pen-to-square symbol,1.5%,1.5%] on the panel of the category you want to edit.
. Change the name in the *Edit the category* window.
. Click *OK*.

==== Remove a Category

Remove categories you no longer need.

> You can only remove categories that do not contain processes.

Reviewer: I would add a lead-in to the procedure.

Author: used the second sentence as lead.in with colon

. Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the the *Remove* icon image:delete-icon.png[trash symbol,1.5%,1.5%] on the panel of the category you want to delete.

=== Manage Applications

In the view *Process Applications*, you list all applications required for the execution of processes.

> In the view *Process Management*, the project manager xref:myrpa-start.adoc#required-process-applications[assigns required applications to a process] at process creation or phase transition.

Reviewer: Suggestion to put the entity type after the entity name here and elsewhere: 
view *Process Management* > *Process Management* view. This reads better in English, but what you have is acceptable if you don't want to change it.

In the module *Bot Management*, the administrator xref:botmanagement-manage.adoc#bot-assign-servicetimes-applications[assigns required applications to bots] that can execute them. Bots can execute all applications installed on their computer.

> Applications are not available during down-times or while deactivated. A member of the process team can deploy a process on a bot which has assigned the required processes. The bot executes processes whose applications are currently down to completion and restarts them when the downtime or deactivation period has ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications are not available during down-times or while deactivated. A member of the process team can deploy a process on a bot that has assigned the required processes. The bot executes processes whose applications are currently down to completion and restarts them when the downtime or deactivation period has ended.
```

> Applications are not available during down-times or while deactivated. A member of the process team can deploy a process on a bot which has assigned the required processes. The bot executes processes whose applications are currently down to completion and restarts them when the downtime or deactivation period has ended.

Reviewer: What does "down to completion" mean? Does it mean that the apps went down before completion or after completion?

Author: Relaced paragraph with:
'Applications are not available during down-times or while deactivated. A member of the process team can deploy a process on a bot that has assigned the required processes. If an application becomes non-available, the bot completes running processes using that application and restarts them when the downtime or deactivation period has ended.'
Is that better understandable?

|===
+
Learn how to xref:usermanagement-manage.adoc#assign-privileges-to-a-user[assign privileges to a user].
* To create AWS credentials, you need an AWS account.
+
Learn about https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html[AWS configuration basics^]
* To create OAuth credentials, you need an Azure account to create an application for Outlook.
+
Learn about https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/[Azure^].
+
Learn how to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/exchange-web-services/how-to-authenticate-an-ews-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an EWS application by using OAuth^]
+
Learn how to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an IMAP, POP or SMTP connection using OAuth^]
+

> If you want to use RPA Builder to generate a refresh token for your OAuth credentials, you must have RPA Builder access assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use RPA Builder to generate a refresh token for your OAuth credentials, you must have RPA Builder access assigned.
```

+
Learn how to xref:usermanagement-manage.adoc#assign-users-rpa-builder-access[assign users RPA Builder access].
+
Learn how to xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-credentials-for-oauth.adoc#generating-an-oauth-refresh-token[generate an OAuth refresh token].

> * Global variables and credentials can be linked to activity parameters defined in automations. The activity parameters for a process are defined in RPA Builder. Linking global variables or credentials overwrites the initial value of the linked activity parameters in a run configuration.

Reviewer: Can you change the passive text to active?

You can link global variables and credentials to...

+
Learn how to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth[authenticate an IMAP, POP or SMTP connection using OAuth^]
+
To use RPA Builder to generate a refresh token for your OAuth credentials, you must have RPA Builder access assigned.
+
Learn how to xref:usermanagement-manage.adoc#assign-users-rpa-builder-access[assign users RPA Builder access].
+
Learn how to xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-credentials-for-oauth.adoc#generating-an-oauth-refresh-token[generate an OAuth refresh token].
* You can link global variables and credentials to activity parameters in automations. The RPA developer defines activity parameters for a process in RPA Builder. When you link global variables or credentials in a run configuration you overwrite the initial value of the activity parameter.

== Prepare Projects

> Project managers organize projects into categories. A category describes the environment of a process in a few keywords.

Author: @roelofmeyer

> Administrators list available applications and assign them to bots which can access them. Citizen technologists assign used applications to processes. You can deploy a process on a bot which has assigned the required processes.

Author: @roelofmeyer

Click *Create* to add a downtime to the application.
. Click *Save*.

==== Edit an Application

Edit an application to change its data or down-times:

. Open the *Process Applications* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click *Create*.
. Edit the form *Edit the application*.
+
The properties are explained in the topic <<form-create-process-applictions, *Create an Application*>>.
. Click *Save*.

==== Deactivate or Activate an Application

Deactivate an application if it is temporarily not available and you don't know when it will be available again.

Use down-times to schedule maintenance and planned down times. Deactivation periods are not added to the list of down-times.

Applications are not available during down-times or while deactivated. A member of the process team can deploy a process on a bot that has assigned the required processes. If an application becomes non-available, the bot completes running processes using that application and restarts them when the downtime or deactivation period has ended.

> If a application is not available, deactivate it:

Reviewer 2: This sentence should read: "If **an** application is not available, deactivate it:"

Click *Create* to add a downtime to the application.
. Click *Save*.

==== Edit an Application

Edit an application to change its data or down-times:

. Open the *Process Applications* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click *Create*.
. Edit the form *Edit the application*.
+

> The properties are explained in the form <<form-create-process-applictions, *Create a new application*>>.

Reviewer: What does it mean that the properties are explained in a form? Do you mean a topic?

Author: paragraph in topic explaining the form -> replaced with 'The properties are explained in the topic <<form-create-process-applictions, *Create an Application*>>.'

. Click *Save*.

==== Deactivate or Activate an Application

Deactivate an application if it is temporarily not available and you don't know when it will be available again.

Use down-times to schedule maintenance and planned down times. Deactivation periods are not added to the list of down-times.

> RPA Bots execute processes whose applications are currently down to completion and do not restart them until the downtime or deactivation period has ended.

Reviewer: The word Bots is lowercase elsewhere.

Author: (sentence replaced) Here I refer to the product RPA Bot. We have four RPA products: RPA Manager, RPA Recorder, RPA Builder and RPA Bot. In the documentation in most cases I just use 'bot' instead of 'RPA Bot'. But it is the only type of bot working with the other RPA products at the moment. Should I replace 'bot' with 'RPA Bot' everywhere?

Author: @dhirsch1

If a application is not available, deactivate it:

. Open the *Process Applications* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Deactivate* icon image:deactivate-icon.png[toggle-on symbol,1.5%,1.5%] on the panel of the application you want to deactivate.

RPA Manager displays an *Inactive* label beneath the logo of the application.

If a deactivated application becomes available again, activate it:

. Open the *Process Applications* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Activate* icon image:activate-icon.png[toggle-off symbol,1.5%,1.5%] on the panel of the application you want to activate.

RPA Manager displays an *Active* label beneath the logo of the application.

==== Remove an Application

Remove an application if it is no longer available:

. Open the *Process Applications* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the the *Remove* icon image:delete-icon.png[trash symbol,1.5%,1.5%] on the panel of the application you want to remove.
. Confirm the removal.

RPA Manager removes the application from all processes and RPA Bots to which it was assigned to.

== Prepare Deployment

> Use global variables or credentials for values and login data that are the same in multiple processes and which frequently change. This way you can reduce the time involved and the error rate in the maintenance of your processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use global variables or credentials for values and login data that are the same in multiple processes and that frequently change. This way, you can reduce the time involved and the error rate in the maintenance of your processes.
```

A member of the process team can link global variables or credentials anywhere that a globe symbol is displayed. A link symbol indicates an existing link. You can change and delete links.

=== Manage Global Variables

Create global variables for values that are the same in multiple processes and which frequently change. This way you can reduce the time involved and the error rate in the maintenance of your processes.

> The RPA developer defines xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-activity-parameters.adoc[activity parameters for a process in RPA Builder]. When you link global variables or credentials in a run configuration you overwrite the initial value of the activity parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RPA developer defines xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-activity-parameters.adoc[activity parameters for a process in RPA Builder]. When you link global variables or credentials in a run configuration, you overwrite the initial value of the activity parameter.
```

Process team members can link global variables to activity parameters in automations:

* xref:processautomation-deploy.adoc#test-configuration-link-globals[Linkable Activity Parameters in Test Configurations]
* xref:processautomation-deploy.adoc#production-configuration-link-globals[Linkable Activity Parameters in Production Configurations]

> Editing or deleting a global variable affects all configurations which use the variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editing or deleting a global variable affects all configurations that use the variable.
```

> A global variable consists of a name, a description, a type, and a value. It may be used in the test or the production phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A global variable consists of a name, description, type, and value. It may be used in the test or the production phase.
```

> Use descriptive names for global variables and only use the variables in an appropriate context. If, for example, the number 42 happens to be both the number of employees in your company and the answer to a different question, then create two global variables (`number_employees` and `answer`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use descriptive names for global variables and only use the variables in an appropriate context. If, for example, the number 42 happens to be both the number of employees in your company and the answer to a different question, then create two global variables (for example, `number_employees` and `answer`).
```

> Use descriptive names for global variables and only use the variables in an appropriate context. If, for example, the number 42 happens to be both the number of employees in your company and the answer to a different question, then create two global variables (`number_employees` and `answer`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use descriptive names for global variables and only use the variables in an appropriate context. If, for example, the number 42 happens to be both the number of employees in your company and the answer to a different question, then create two global variables (for example, `number_employees` and `answer`).
```

+
You can only enter values of the specified type.

==== Check the Usage of a Global Variable

> Before editing a global variable, check its usage to avoid inadvertent side-effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before editing a global variable, check its usage to avoid inadvertent side-effects:
```

. Open the *Global Variables* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Usage* icon image:usage-icon.png[binoculars symbol,1.5%,1.5%] in the table row of the global variable you want to check.

A window with a table shows you the configurations in which the global variable is used.

====  Edit a Global Variable

Edit a global variable to change its name or value. You cannot change the type of a global variable. Check the usage of the variable first to avoid inadvertent side-effects.

. Open the *Global Variables* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Edit* icon image:edit-icon.png[pen-to-square symbol,1.5%,1.5%] in the table row of the global variable you want to edit.
. Change data in the form *Edit the Global Variable*.
+
The properties are explained in the form <<form-create-globalvariable, *Create a New Global Variable*>>.
. Click *Save*.

The variable is changed everywhere it is used.

==== Delete a Global Variable

> Delete global variables that no one will use anymore. You cannot delete variables linked in configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete global variables that are no longer needed. You cannot delete variables linked in configurations.
```

. Open the *Global Variables* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Delete* icon image:delete-icon.png[trash symbol,1.5%,1.5%] in the table row of the global variable you want to delete.
. Confirm the deletion.

=== Manage Credentials

Credentials store login data for applications or web services. You can use them with different processes. Passwords are encrypted.

You can create the following types of credentials:

* *AWS Credentials*
+

> for accessing Amazon Web Services to use them with xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-aws-document-processing.adoc[RPA Builder - Document Processing with AWS]

Reviewer: for > For (here and on the next lines)

> Create credentials with which a bot can login to an external application during process runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create credentials with which a bot can login to an external application during process runs:
```

. Open the *Credential Pool* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click *Create*.
. [[form-create-credential]] Complete the form *Create a New Credential*:
* *Phase affiliation*:
+

> Phases in which the credential is permitted to be deployed. When you create or change the credential, your privileges determine which phases the user can select:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phases in which the credential can be deployed. When you create or change the credential, your privileges determine which phases the user can select:
```

* *Type*:
+
Type of the global credential. The type of credential determines where you can use it. The original value defined in RPA Builder is typed. Select one of the following types:
+
** *AWS Credentials*:
+
Use this credential for accessing Amazon Web Services. Fill in the client ID, client secret, and region. Using a session token is optional.
** *OAuth Credentials*
+
Use this credential for accessing the Microsoft Outlook email application via Microsoft Azure.
+
*** *OAuth Host*:
+

> The host address used to get the credentials. The default address for Outlook services is https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/v2.0/ . This address might change if the customer uses a self hosted service.

Reviewer 2: There seems to be an extra space at:  "The default address for Outlook services is https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/v2.0/` `."

Author: Added `` because it is a value the user needs to enter, not a link to click on.

*** *Client ID*:
+

> To authenticate with the OAuth Host, an Azure application must be defined in the customer's space. This Azure application has an ID, that is unique in the entire OAuth Host space and that allows users to explicitly grant or revoke access for this Azure application to their accounts.

Author: I'm not really sure how many IDs the application has. So I don't want to change this sentence that was provided by a developer.

+
For more information about how to create this Azure application for Outlook, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app[Quickstart: Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform^].
*** *Client Secret*
+

> This secret allows RPA Manager to prove to the OAuth Host that it received the permission to access user accounts on behalf of the registered Azure application. Without it, the authentication is not possible.

Reviewer 2: This secret **enables** RPA Manager to prove

** *AWS Credentials*:
+
The credential is used for accessing Amazon Web Services. Fill in the client ID, client secret and region. Using a session token is optional.
** *OAuth Credentials*
+

> The credential is used for accessing the Microsoft Outlook email application via Microsoft Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this credential for accessing the Microsoft Outlook email application via Microsoft Azure.
```

Author: Replaced three instances

* *Type*:
+
Type of the global credential. The type of credential determines where you can use it. The original value defined in RPA Builder is typed. Select one of the following types:
+
** *AWS Credentials*:
+

> Use this credential for accessing Amazon Web Services. Fill in the client ID, client secret and region. Using a session token is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this credential for accessing Amazon Web Services. Fill in the client ID, client secret, and region. Using a session token is optional.
```

** *OAuth Credentials*
+
Use this credential for accessing the Microsoft Outlook email application via Microsoft Azure.
+
*** *OAuth Host*:
+
The host address used to get the credentials. The default address for Outlook services is https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/v2.0/ . This address might change if the customer uses a self hosted service.
*** *Client ID*:
+

> To authenticate with the OAuth Host, an Azure application has to be defined in the customers space. This Azure application has an id, that is unique in the entire OAuth Host space and allows a user to explicitly grant or revoke access for this Azure application to his account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate with the OAuth Host, an Azure application must be defined in the customer's space. This Azure application has an ID that is unique in the entire OAuth Host space and that allows users to explicitly grant or revoke access for this Azure application to their accounts.
```

Reviewer: Avoid gender-specific language (he, she, him, her, etc.)

+

> For more information how to create this Azure application for Outlook, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app[Quickstart: Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to create this Azure application for Outlook, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app[Quickstart: Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform^].
```

*** *Client Secret*
+

> This secret allows RPA Manager to prove to the OAuth Host, that it has received the permission to access user accounts on behalf of the registered Azure application. Without it the authentication is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This secret allows RPA Manager to prove to the OAuth Host that it has received the permission to access user accounts on behalf of the registered Azure application. Without it, the authentication is not possible.
```

*** *Redirect URI*
+

> This is the URI to which the OAuth Host will redirect after the user has completed the authentication attempt. This redirect URI has to be registered with the Azure application. Only if the entered redirect URI matches one of the registered URI, the OAuth Host will allow the authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the URI to which the OAuth Host redirects after the user completes the authentication attempt. This redirect URI must be registered with the Azure application. The OAuth Host allows the authentication only if the entered redirect URI matches one of the registered URIs.
```

> This is the URI to which the OAuth Host will redirect after the user has completed the authentication attempt. This redirect URI has to be registered with the Azure application. Only if the entered redirect URI matches one of the registered URI, the OAuth Host will allow the authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URI to which the OAuth Host will redirect after the user has completed the authentication attempt. This redirect URI has to be registered with the Azure application. Only if the entered redirect URI matches one of the registered URI, the OAuth Host will allow the authentication.
```

*** *Scopes*
+

> The scopes define, which permission the user grants to the Azure application. By default, we request the following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scopes define which permission the user grants to the Azure application. By default, we request the following permissions:
```

Reviewer: Can you change "we" to "RPA"?

Author: Replaced with 'Grant the following permissions:'

+
**** `offline_access`
+
(*Required*) Enables access via a refresh token, which you can use to repeatedly log in to the mail services without requiring user interaction each time.
**** `https://outlook.office.com/IMAP.AccessAsUser.All`
+
(*Required* when using IMAP) Enables reading and moving emails from the Outlook IMAP server.
**** `https://outlook.office.com/POP.AccessAsUser.All`
+
(*Required* when using POP3) Enables reading emails from the Outlook POP3 server.
**** `https://outlook.office.com/SMTP.Send`
+
(*Required* when using SMTP) Enables sending emails from the Outlook SMTP server.
**** `openid email`
+
Enables RPA Manager to automatically detect the email account used to log in to the Azure application. If this scope is omitted, you must provide an email in RPA Builder.
+
*** *E-Mail Address*
+
Email address for accessing Outlook.
*** *Refresh Token*
+
Refresh token generated with the authentication properties.
+

> Learn how to xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-credentials-for-oauth.adoc#generating-an-oauth-refresh-token[generate an OAuth refresh token with RPA Builder].

Reviewer: This link does not appear blue in the preview. It might be OK, but check in the local build just in case it isn't.

Author: @Cristian-Venticinque we need to check this somehow preferably before publishing. It's a link to your new RPA Builder documentation not published yet.

** *User Account Credentials*
+
Use this credential for accessing all other kinds of applications. Fill in the the username and password.
. Click *OK*.

==== Check the Usage of a Credential

> Before editing a credential, check its usage to avoid inadvertent side-effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before editing a credential, check its usage to avoid inadvertent side-effects:
```

. Open the *Credential Pool* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Usage* icon image:usage-icon.png[binoculars symbol,1.5%,1.5%] in the table row of the credential you want to check.

A window with a table shows you the configurations in which the credential is used.

====  Edit a Credential

Edit a credential to change its data. You cannot change the type of a credential. Check the usage of the credential first to avoid inadvertent side-effects.

. Open the *Credential Pool* view of the *Process Automation* module.
. Click the *Edit* icon image:edit-icon.png[pen-to-square symbol,1.5%,1.5%] in the table row of the credential you want to edit.
. Change data in the form *Edit the Credential*.
+
The properties are explained in the form <<form-create-credential, *Create a New Credential*>>.
. Click *Save*.

The credential is changed everywhere it is used.

==== Delete a Credential

> Delete credentials that no one will use anymore. You cannot delete credentials linked in configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete credentials that are no longer needed. You cannot delete credentials linked in configurations.
```
```suggestion
Delete credentials that are no longer needed. You cannot delete credentials linked in configurations.
```
